A company consists of departments. Departments are located in one or more offices. One office acts as headquarter. Each department has a manager who is recruited from the sets of employees. Draw a class diagram.
A person may have multiple magazine subscriptions. A magazine has multiple subscribers. For each subscription, it is important to track the date and amount of each payment as well as the current expiration date. Draw the class diagram for the given scenario.
Draw the class diagram including attributes and operations, relationship between classes, multiplicity specification for the following case- Reporting system administered by a company’s CEO where the CEO manages projects of a company, assigns employees, and controls their reports.
In a university there are different classrooms, offices and departments. A department has a name and it contains many offices. A person working at the university has a unique ID and can be a professor or an employee. A professor can be a full, associate or assistant professor and he/she is enrolled in one department. Offices and classrooms have a number ID, and a classroom has a number of seats. Every employee works in an office. Draw class diagram.
Consider the following simplified description of a university where professors teach seminars in which students can enrol.
A book is written by an author, published by a publisher, sold by a book store, and read by a reader. Moreover, for a reader to read a book, he/she must buy it from a book store that is selling it. Draw a use case diagram for this scenario, showing relationships between different use cases.
Draw a use case diagram to represent the following system. Over the summer holiday, university students can book college hall accommodation online. They must specify their name, student number, course, year, and identify three college residences as their preferences. The system makes an allocation of students to rooms before the start of the term, trying, where possible, to allocate students to a room in one of their preferred halls.
Create the use case diagram according to the following elevator control system.
Draw a use case diagram for a ticket distributor for a train system.
Draw a use case diagram for an ATM machine where Customer uses ATM to Check Balances of his/her bank accounts, Deposit Funds, Withdraw Cash and/or Transfer Funds. Customer Authentication is must for each of these ATM transactions. All these use cases also involve Bank actor whether it is related to customer transactions or to the ATM servicing. For Maintenance and Repairs functionality, ATM Technician are responsible.
Describes the workflow for a word process to create a document through the following steps using Activity Diagram: Open the word processing package. Create a file. Save the file under a unique name within its directory. Type the document. If graphics are necessary, open the graphics package, create the graphics, and paste the graphics into the document. If a spreadsheet is necessary, open the spreadsheet package, create the spreadsheet, and paste the spreadsheet into the document. Save the file. Print a hard copy of the document. Exit the word processing package.
A customer decides to upgrade her PC and purchase a DVD player. She begins by calling the sales department of the PC vendor and they tell her to contact customer support. She/He then calls customer support and they put her on hold while talking to engineering. Finally, customer support tells the customer about several supported DVD options. The customer chooses a DVD and it is shipped by the mail department. The customer receives the DVD, installs it satisfactorily and then mails her payment to the accounts department. Draw Activity Diagram for this Online Shopping DVD System.